Add caching and service worker docs to the web FAQ (#11397)
flutter/website: src/content/platform-integration/web/faq.md

Not currently.

### Why doesn't my app update immediately after it's deployed?

> You may need to configure the Cache-Control header returned by your web server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to configure the `Cache-Control` header returned by your web server. 
```

"may" is used primarily for legal docs.

For example, if this header is set to 3600, then the browser

> and CDN will cache the asset for 1 hour, and your users may see an out-of-date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and CDN will cache the asset for 1 hour, and your users might see an out-of-date
```

version of your app up to 1 hour after you deploy a new version. For
more information about caching on the web,

> see [this web.dev article][http-cache] on HTTP caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check out [Prevent unnecessary network requests with the HTTP Cache][http-cache].
```

Nice use of the URL shortcut. :)

> It is a good idea to be aware of this behavior to avoid breaking users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a good idea to be aware of this behavior to avoid an undesirable user experience.
```

?? They aren't actually breaking users.  :)

> After you deploy your app, users may see a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you deploy your app, users might use a 
```

cached version of your app (cached by the browser or CDN)
for the duration defined by your cache headers.
This can lead to users using a version of your app that

> are incompatible with changes that have been deployed to backend services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is incompatible with changes that have been deployed to backend services.
```

> ### How do I bust the web cache after each deployment?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I "bust the web cache" after a deployment and force an app download?
```

OK, I was going to reword "bust the web cache" but I googled and it's definitely a thing. But I'm adding a tad of an explanation to the anchor title.

Author: I think I'm going to change this to "clear the web cache" and remove the quotes.

If you wish to defeat these cache headers after each deployment, a common
technique is to append a build ID of some sort to the links of your static
resources, or update the filenames themselves.

> (`logo.png` would become `logo.v123.png`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `logo.png` might become `logo.v123.png`.
```

```html
<!-- Option 1, append build ID as a query parameter in your links -->
<script src="flutter_bootstrap.js?v=123" async></script>

<!-- Option 2, update the filename and update your links -->
<script src="flutter_bootstrap.v123.js" async></script>
```

Flutter does not currently support appending build IDs to resources
automatically.

### How do I configure my cache headers?

If you are using Firebase Hosting,

> The shared cache (CDN) is invalidated when you deploy a new version of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the shared cache (CDN) is invalidated when you deploy a new version of your
```

> app. But you may choose to configure your cache headers as follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app. But you might choose to configure your cache headers as follows,
```

so that the browser cache doesn't cache application scripts,
but the shared cache does.

```json
{
  "hosting": {
    "headers": [
      {
        "source":
          "**/*.@(jpg|jpeg|gif|png|svg|webp|css|eot|otf|ttf|ttc|woff|woff2|font.css)",
        "headers": [
          {
            "key": "Cache-Control",
            "value": "max-age=3600,s-maxage=604800"
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "source":
          "**/*.@(mjs|js|wasm|json)",
        "headers": [
          {
            "key": "Cache-Control",
            "value": "max-age=0,s-maxage=604800"
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

### How do I configure a service worker?

The service worker generated by `flutter build web` is deprecated,
and you can disable it by setting the `--pwa-strategy` flag to `none`
when running the `flutter build web` command.

```console
flutter build web --pwa-strategy=none
```

If you would like to continue to use a service worker, you can
[build your own][using-service-workers] or try third-party tools
such as [Workbox][workbox].

If your service worker is not refreshing,
configure your CDN and browser cache by setting

> Cache-Control header to a small value such as 0 or 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `Cache-Control` header to a small value such as 0 or 60 seconds.
```
